In this course we'll be teaching you everything you need to know to 
start hacking Roblox games, from the details of the Roblox engine to a 
deep-dive into reverse engineering Roblox games. At the end of this 
course you will be able to write your own exploit scripts for any game. 


## Roblox Exploit Scripting Course Introduction

Hello and welcome to GH's Roblox exploit scripting course. Please note 
that in this course we won't be developing an executor, but rather 
learning to reverse games and write scripts to gain advantages within 
them. Roblox exploiting is a special case. You aren't really developing 
scripts for 'Roblox', you're developing scripts for games created using 
the Roblox engine. This naturally requires you to do some learning about
 the engine and the technologies that it uses.



I'm going to be writing this Roblox exploit course from a complete 
beginner's perspective aside from general programming knowledge. If 
you've written anything in any language you're pretty much good to go. 
Otherwise, I'm going to be providing resources for you to gain a more 
complete understanding of the Roblox engine's language of choice; Lua. 
Lua is a very simple language pretty much exclusively used embedded 
within other software. In fact, there is only one data structure! So 
don't be intimidated.



There is one more pre-requisite before you can follow along with this 
course, you need to own an executor. You can use a free executor if 
you'd like, however not all executors are created equally. Synapse X is 
the most powerful executor on the market today, due in large part to 
their LuaU decompiler and expansive API which we're going to be taking 
full advantage of. The price point is $20, and I highly recommend 
picking it up if you're really trying to get into scripting. An entire 
team works on improving it constantly and a major release is around the 
corner. I will cover the details, and compare and contrast executors 
further along in this course. For now, understand that without owning 
Synapse you may or may not be able to follow along with all of the 
future articles.


## Why make a Roblox Exploit Scripting Course?


If you didn't seek out this course, you may be wondering why you'd want 
to learn to write Roblox exploit scripts. All the tutorials for Roblox 
tend to be generally low quality and made for a younger audience. (There are exceptions to this rule, however.)
 As I see it, there are two audiences for this course. People who like 
Roblox games and want to learn how to mess with them, and people who 
like to code.



If you like programming in the slightest, you will have an absolute 
blast once you get the hang of it. It's like the ultimate endless 
programming game where the environments are completely user-generated 
and vulnerabilities are abundant. You can do anything you can imagine, 
from automating the entire game to killing every player on the server. 
Exploit scripting is like a game in itself, and the price of entry can 
be completely free.



By the end of this course my goal is to have you both understanding and 
applying knowledge about the internals of Lua. You'll be familiar with 
basic Roblox APIs and your executor's API. You will be able to hop into 
any game and start writing a script. I'd also like to touch on releasing
 your scripts either for fun or profit. Below is an outline of what's to
 come. I hope to see you next time!
